welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
bridge to terabithia
jesse jess aaron's josh hutcherson
is a 12 year old aspiring artist living
with his financially struggling family
in lark creek
he rides the bus to school with his
little sister mae bell
baylee madison where he avoids the
school bully janice avery
lauren clinton in class jess is bullied
by classmates scott hogar
cameron wakefield and gary fulcher
elliott lawless
and meets a new student named leslie
burke anna sofia rob
at recess just enters a running event
for which he has been training at home
leslie also enters and manages to beat
all the boys
much to jess irritation on the way home
jess and leslie learn they are next door
neighbors
later that day jess becomes frustrated
when he finds that maybelle has drawn in
his notebook
but his strict yet caring father robert
patrick
ignores it jess later watches them
gardening together and is hurt that his
father does not spend time with him
moreover his mother cherishes her
daughters more than him
one day at school leslie complements
just drawing ability and they become
friends after school they venture into
the woods and swing across the creek on
a rope
jess and leslie find an abandoned tree
house on the other side and invent a new
world
which they call terabithia with their
belief in their imagination
the magical world which is a reflection
on their lives
comes to life through their eyes the
more they explore
for the next few days jess and leslie
spend their free time in the treehouse
getting to know each other
leslie gives jess an art kit on his
birthday
much to his delight jess becomes angry
with his father's attitude to him
losing his belief and refuses the
existence of terebithia the next day
at school afterward jess apologizes to
leslie by giving her a puppy
whom she names prince terry and p t
once in terabithia they encounter
various creatures
including a giant troll resembling janus
squirrel-like creatures resembling
hoager
whom they name the scowagers and hairy
vultures
resembling fulture at school
leslie becomes frustrated by janice's
bullying
jess and leslie play a prank on janice
and she becomes the laughing stock of
everyone on the bus
leslie introduces jess to her parents
and they helped paint their house
jess is impressed by her parents
happiness and smiles as he watches them
at school leslie discovers from a hurt
janice that her bullying is due to her
abusive father
and the two become friends with janice
later befriending jess as well
jess and leslie take pt to terabithia
where they fight off several creatures
resembling their bullies
this time with the troll as their ally
when it starts raining they decide to
leave and jess looks on smiling as
leslie goes home
the next morning ms edmunds zoe
deschanel
jessa's music teacher calls to invite
him on a one-on-one field trip to an art
museum
jess asked his mother's permission
however
she is half asleep and he takes her
mumbling as approval
jess does not ask leslie to accompany
him and merely looks at her house as
they drive by
when he returns home jess finds his
parents were worried sick since they did
not know where he was
his father reveals that leslie had died
in the rain swollen creek that morning
after the rope she used to cross broke
hitting her head
jess horror struck first denies it and
runs to check on leslie
but he notices the emergency vehicles
surrounding her house and has no choice
but to accept
leslie's death the following day
jess and his parents visit the burke
family to pay their respects
leslie's father bill burke latham gaines
tells jess she loved him and thanks him
for being the best
friend she ever had since she never had
friends at her old school
jess feels overwhelming guilt for
leslie's death
even lashing out at both holger and
maybelle and imagining that
dark master from terabithia chasing
after him before breaking down into
tears
but his father comforts and consoles him
to keep their friendship alive for her
sake
jess decides to reimagine terabithia and
builds a bridge across the river to
welcome a new
ruler he invites may bell to terabithia
she is delighted as she was previously
denied any opportunity to enter
they bring back terabithia in even
greater splendor
with jessa's king and mae bell as the
princess
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you